so this is my first day school
technically this is one Wednesday not
monday because i started September third
but my shirt is a cold shoulder shirt
it's from kohls the print it's not
really like dots like I don't really
know what you call this print so you can
tell me what you guys think it is i
don't know but my shirts are from
american eagle my bag is from JC
Penney's and i'm just wearing white flip
flops from old navy
I am tired
can we come every day I clear though
love you I carry the weight of you lay
time
hey Simon so it's Thursday now my second
day of school it's really hot all three
days but today was definitely the
hottest and so I'm wearing this dress
this dress is from Macy's it's like a
blue teal ish dress with ruffles at the
bottom my shoes are from american eagle
and i'm wearing the same bag as
yesterday from JC Penney's except i
forgot it when we were filming
tiger
love disease send them down on my knees
I want the phone finger on your left
hand cuz you got something Friday's elf
it was really simple and like not a lot
going to it so my shirt is from pacsun
my bralette is from aeropostale my
harvested black shorts are from macy's
my shoes are the same from yesterday
from american eagle and my bag is from
jcpenney oh you're like a shot of you
gone come a heart beating out of control
and I need you bathe it it'll never go
let you go you're gonna like
you got me like
you're never gonna let you go and I
won't let you go never gonna let you go
and I won't let you go never gonna let
you go back of the car link is in me in
you running on perceiving base to you
are ghetto hallway actually this is like
at all this is tower sky walk right now
and hey what's up my friends don't
forget to subscribe don't put that in
because I look ugly